docs: Update fips.md (#20)
canonical/metallb-rocks: docs/fips.md

Reviewer: Just a minor nit - this is a duplication of the first point

The following document summarizes the current state of [FIPS 140-3] compliance for MetalLB, focusing on its cryptographic components and build requirements. This overview is intended to guide users and developers in understanding the compliance status and necessary steps for achieving FIPS mode operation.

> > **Note:** As of now, FRR and pebble are not built in a FIPS-compliant way. This document will be updated once they are.

Reviewer 2: This is still accurate. We currently rely on the Pro feature branch to build the Rock with Pro feature. That branch is not using the FIPS pebble version. Once this feature is mainlined, we can use the FIPS compliant pebble version.

Author: Are we using that branch of `rockcraft`? I think the `edge/pro-sources` that is described in the discourse post does not contain the pebble fixes, but the revisions that we're using does. Am I right @berkayoz?

Reviewer 2: No, both features live on different branches (which is one of the issues we need to address eventually) 
https://github.com/canonical/rockcraft/tree/feature/fips-compliant-pebble1.14

Author: Marking as resolved since this was discussed in a meeting (will update the PR).

MetalLB's current implementation uses Go's standard `crypto` packages, which are FIPS-compliant when built with the appropriate toolchain. The following requirements must be met:

1. **Go Toolchain**: Must use the modified [Go toolchain from Microsoft]
2. **OpenSSL**: Must link against a FIPS-validated OpenSSL implementation.

**NOTE**: This ROCK is bundled with a FIPS-validated OpenSSL library which is described in the ROCK manifest (see [this discourse post]).
```yaml
...
parts:
  openssl:
    plugin: nil
    stage-packages:
      - openssl-fips-module-3
      - openssl
...
```

### Required Build Modifications

To build MetalLB in FIPS-compliant mode:

1. **Prerequisites**:

>    - a `rockcraft` version that contains the pro feature (see [this discourse post]).

Reviewer: I found this a bit confusing. Maybe we can rephrase it to something like 
```suggestion
   - a `rockcraft` version that allows building with Ubuntu Pro services (see [this discourse post]).
```

MetalLB's current implementation uses Go's standard `crypto` packages, which are FIPS-compliant when built with the appropriate toolchain. The following requirements must be met:

1. **Go Toolchain**: Must use the modified [Go toolchain from Microsoft]
2. **OpenSSL**: Must link against a FIPS-validated OpenSSL implementation.

**NOTE**: This ROCK is bundled with a FIPS-validated OpenSSL library which is described in the ROCK manifest (see [this discourse post]).
```yaml
...
parts:
  openssl:
    plugin: nil
    stage-packages:
      - openssl-fips-module-3 # a Pro only FIPS package for openssl

>       - openssl # now automatically selected from fips-preview

Reviewer 2: nit: remove those comments. They are only relevant in the context of the discourse post.

...
```

### Required Build Modifications

To build MetalLB in FIPS-compliant mode:

1. **Prerequisites**:
   - `rockcraft` on the following revisions for each architecture:

>       - `amd64`: 3494

Reviewer 2: This will be outdated sooner than later. Maybe we write something like
"`rockcraft` version that contains the [pro feature][link to discourse post]"

Author: That's right, but the issue is that the discourse post is AFAIK out-dated as well (it's suggesting to use a branch rather than a track which will eventually expire, and it's suggesting to use `--pro=fips-preview` instead of `--pro=fips-updates`.

Author: But yea let me just link to the discourse post. Hopefully it will get updated or edited in the future.

      - `arm64`: 3547
      ```bash
      sudo snap install rockcraft --revision=<revision_number> --classic
      ```
      or update if already installed:
      ```bash
      sudo snap refresh rockcraft --revision=<revision_number> --classic --amend
      ```

> **NOTE**: As of now, we're using custom revisions instead of the `edge/pro-sources` branch of rockcraft

Reviewer 2: Do you remember why we are doing this? I don't recall an exact reason for it. I think that this was just the latest revision back then.

Author: IIRC the explanation in the comment above should be the reason.

Reviewer 2: What I meant is that there is no reason just to use the latest revision in the pro-features branch, right?
